hi um so on YouTube today I saw that ad
for a hashtag no sponsored t-shirt and
you know I clicked to check it out like
what it is what is that not sponsored
t-shirt and I basically think that that
t-shirt is kind of like a form of a scam
in a way kind of almost like a pyramid
sort of scheme basically the deal is
that you watch someone's video about not
sponsored t-shirt then you click on the
link provided and you go and buy the
t-shirt and then you wear that white
t-shirt it's just like a simple very
simple white t-shirt and it has just
like big bold letters hashtag not
sponsored and yeah so basically the deal
is you click you watch someone's video
about about that t-shirt then you click
the link you buy the t-shirt and that
simple white t-shirt it costs $20 like
what I can go to like Kmart or something
and buy a simple t-shirt for five
dollars I don't need to spend 20 bucks
on a simple white t-shirt okay so the
deal is you buy that white t-shirt you
pay $20 then you were that t-shirt
yourself and you make another video your
own hosted on YouTube and then if
someone else watches that video
and goes and buys that t-shirt then the
company will pay you ten dollars so the
company says I'll buy the t-shirt and
make money the thinnest to make money of
that t-shirt you need to be a very
popular youtuber so you need to have at
least like at least a few thousand
subscribers or something I you know it
has to be at least a few thousand for
you to make money because why okay first
of all if you are like a new person on
YouTube or you are not popular at all
who's gonna watch your video like no one
is gonna wash your video so no one is
gonna watch your video no one is gonna
click your link and buy the t-shirt and
even if you lock out and someone watches
the video and likes you and click the
link and buys the t-shirt then you know
you will only get ten dollars and you
paid 20 for the t-shirt so you will need
minimum to say two sales just to break
even and then you will actually need to
make three sales to actually make ten
dollars of it
so people who will be profiting from the
sales of those t-shirts are basically
just a t-shirt company and very popular
famous youtubers so it only makes sense
for like popular youtubers to buy this
t-shirt and try to make money if you're
not a popular youtuber like good luck
making money out of that t-shirt
basically that is my point
okay well see you later